Java: Android deeplink analysis (#10368)
github/codeql: java/ql/lib/change-notes/2022-09-22-android-deeplink-flow-steps.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---
* Added data flow steps for tainted Android intents that are sent to services and receivers.

> * Updated data flow step for tainted Android intents that are sent to activities.

Reviewer: Maybe we should mention what's been updated. Suggestion:

```suggestion
* Improved the data flow step for tainted Android intents that are sent to activities so that more cases are covered.
```
